---
title: "Night of a Mourning"
date: 2021-05-18T15:01:21+05:30
draft: false
---

Twenty-one days. Three weeks. That's when the night has ended. A night of mourning. The deadly second Covid wave is devastating the country and the medical infrastructure is completely overwhelmed. We are losing our loved ones, our family members and unlike the first wave, this second wave has been almost everywhere at once. Homes of our friends, our family, our neighbours, our relatives and our work colleagues. 

My last three weeks have been in a haze. We lost a family member unexpectedly and with such quick escalation that most of us didn't even get time to prepare for the eventuality. I had been struggling again with blocked emotions. My mind blocks my hormones sometimes and I do not "feel" and the experience feels like playing a role. A role in a real-life story as real as it gets but you don't feel anything. Anything at all. That frustrates me sometimes. I don't know what is what and what fancy words should we give to one condition or another, I know I have my struggles. Sometimes, some random emotion overwhelms me without any particular reason for days and it becomes an exhausting struggle for the emotion to leave me and for me to leave my bed. Sometimes I just sleep over my moods. Long abnormal sleeping sessions. Sometimes I sulk in my failures for curbing factors that eventually move me in these unusual and occasionally suffocating places. 

A family tragedy. Adults breaking down like children. Children learning the vibe of trauma. What should I say? What can I say? I say nothing. I witness the moment for the respect of it even if I struggle to feel it. I feel handicapped when I can't even feel family grief properly and grieve with my family members. 

My existential crisis is anyway larger in magnitude and more grave than I possibly myself realise. I'm at that stage of life where I know that loved ones that I see around, smell once in a while, converse with, will one day cease to exist. It's a fact I have known for years but the weight of the fact increases with time and the only thing I can rationally do to relieve it is accepting the facts and learn to cope with them. Sometimes, things don't get better than this. They will stay around for a while, teach you what you call a hard time and eventually walk away into nothingness. The human yearning for meaning and the human condition of suffering brings me back again to the crisis. What's the point of it all? 

I bought a Mac Mini way outside my initial budget because I love to travel and even though I'm confined to my home in the pandemic for more than a year, I stream travel and drone videos in 4k60fps/4k whenever I can to lust onto what is beautiful in the world. A four-minute video of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II in Milan is the most spectacular travel video I've seen this year and I re-watch the video once in a while to escape. I hate to admit it but an obsession with reading has taken a toll. I can't unread all the things that I have read. An awakened mind is like a toast. Can you un-toast a toast? Yet it is also very lonely and alienating. The ignorance of everyday folks makes it harder for you to relate to them for things you have started to find trivial, stupid or self-inflicted. I can't unread everything that we have destroyed to build our human world, I can't unread global warming or the environment we are destroying over and over in our myopic outreach into the future. It's a funny comment in the YouTube thread and hard reality in the dying world. People with the wealth, resources and power to make significant changes live in their lavish neighbourhoods too indulged in the materialism of wanting more and more and the people on the other end are poor enough that they're trying their best to survive in the cold and brutal world as they walk in overflowing sewers and drink contaminated water. Who wants to give up on dreams? 

Sometimes I think about the people in my country and why they're so obsessed with marriage and procreation but then I realise that most people are living through their lives with huge black holes of ignorance and very small frames of reference. Sometimes I get the suggestion from the socially conservative people that I am ageing up and I should finally end up marrying someone for the sake of it and have kids. I stopped replying to such questions some time ago and I don't reply and avoid it altogether. I'm a person who cherishes a minute as it passes away trying to embrace and feel it as much as I can. It will never return. I don't think I admire the tribal adventurism for having kids without having a decent amount of thought just because you wanted to. Is this a world you want to bring a new individual into? What for? Look closely and confront yourself. Eventually, I either receive a response that who will take care of me when I become old. I find it a pathetic reason to live a life of financial illiteracy and having kids as a retirement backup plan. I am not flooded with insane wealth either. I know I'll become old too and to be honest, I don't have answers. Yet it is a very badly reasoned way to make a significant decision and thinking too much about old age makes me waste the golden time I have right now. Predicting the future feels like a dart-throwing monkey convincing itself that it has the right skills. 

I have started hating this undertone of the modern world where we have feelings about our "feelings". Bingeing videos learning how we should feel in particular circumstances and how should we react. Everything is a cheap mimicry of a dysfunctional portrayal. Even our reactions are not original anymore. I don't relate with a lot of people and I'm completely fine with it. It's a sad world where people hating their lives want to chew on each other for the last bite for the night forgetting that it's completely okay to disagree with anything a stranger says and still say nothing. The world is spewing in hatred, the decade is on tragic fire and the people are eating themselves. I don't read the dysfunctional news anymore. I don't give a damn about what the politicians are doing right now. I am on a break to rehabilitate myself. Loving tiny things in a world too obsessed to hate. 

The night has ended. 

Dragon. 

© drag_on